<!-- This is the pseudo for the basic search engine logic -->

1. When the user submits a search what should happen is that an object of the class 'search' should be created. This object should have several search terms stored as an array of strings in the terms key.
2. Next, the computer should iterate over each of the Users 'Post' objects. Each of these objects should have their text content stored as an array of strings in the text array. (This array is created by taking a single string and running the .split(" ") method on it. This allows us to check the text of an article word by word using the cover method and determine if it is the same word as one of the search terms.) The computer should check each search term against the text of each article. The first time that the computer finds a match for a particular search term in a particular article it should create a new column in the result table storing both the id of the search and the id of the post as well as a float denoting the score of the particular result (see the extra thoughts about logic)
3. When the above is complete we should have a 'search' object with the search terms stored in it as well as some number of result objects that relate that search to a specific posts. All we have to do now is retrieve that search object, iterate over it's results and sort them by score, then pull in the post objects referenced by them and display that in a view along with links to the full articles.

* EXTRA THOUGHTS ABOUT LOGIC
* Consider writing into the code the fact that there is a exponentially increased chance that an article is what your looking for when it contains multiple different search terms from your list and not just one. Perhaps when one article contains one search term from your list it gets a score of two when it contains two it gets a score of four, when three a score of eight and so one. Also, consider that one of the icebox features for this is that it allows you to rank the importance of particular search terms as higher or lower than other search terms. One way that this might be achieved is by calculating the score normally but also including a third value in the result array, this could by the 'modifier.' After the initial calculation of each articles score it's 'modifier' could be applied. If an article contained a highly ranked word then it's modifier would be high, if it only contained lowly ranked words then its modifier would be low (or maybe even negative).
