<!-- This is the pseudo for the basic search engine logic -->

1. When the user submits a search what should happen is that an object of the class 'search' should be created. This object should have several keys 'term1','term2' etc. The value of these keys are the search terms submitted through the forms.
2. Next, the computer should iterate over each of the 'Post' objects. Each of these objects should have their text content stored as an array of strings. (This array is created by taking a single string and running the .split(" ") method on it. This allows us to check the text of an article word by word using the cover method and determine if it is the same word as one of the search terms.) The computer should check each search term against the text of each article. The first time that the computer finds a match for a particular search term in a particular article it should store the id of that article and a particular float (maybe starting at one) as a two membered array. This array is itself in an array that is the value of the 'results' key on the 'search' object.
3. When the above is complete we should have an array stored in the 'search' object that is the results of the search. All we have to do now is retrieve that array, sort it by score value (highest to lowest) and then iterate over it, retrieving the posts that correspond to the particular post_id stored in the object. We store all this in an array and then shoot it on over to the views to be iterated over and displayed along with the appropriate links, crud functionality and so on.

* EXTRA THOUGHTS ABOUT LOGIC
* Consider writing into the code the fact that there is a exponentially increased chance that an article is what your looking for when it contains multiple different search terms from your list and not just one. Perhaps when one article contains one search term from your list it gets a score of two when it contains two it gets a score of four, when three a score of eight and so one. Also, consider that one of the icebox features for this is that it allows you to rank the importance of particular search terms as higher or lower than other search terms. One way that this might be achieved is by calculating the score normally but also including a third value in the result array, this could by the 'modifier.' After the initial calculation of each articles score it's 'modifier' could be applied. If an article contained a highly ranked word then it's modifier would be high, if it only contained lowly ranked words then its modifier would be low (or maybe even negative).
